Receiving update from node: 'agent'
[AIMessage(content='', additional_kwargs={'tool_calls': [{'id': 'call_DQdQ3hPzD96Crpp2xZMq8g7p', 'function': {'arguments': '{"query":"current captain of the Winnipeg Jets"}', 'name': 'tavily_search_results_json'}, 'type': 'function'}], 'refusal': None}, response_metadata={'token_usage': {'completion_tokens': 24, 'prompt_tokens': 162, 'total_tokens': 186, 'completion_tokens_details': {'accepted_prediction_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0, 'reasoning_tokens': 0, 'rejected_prediction_tokens': 0}, 'prompt_tokens_details': {'audio_tokens': 0, 'cached_tokens': 0}}, 'model_name': 'gpt-4.1-2025-04-14', 'system_fingerprint': 'fp_b38e740b47', 'finish_reason': 'tool_calls', 'logprobs': None}, id='run-db3734d3-b50f-4750-b18d-bdb84d9fa64a-0', tool_calls=[{'name': 'tavily_search_results_json', 'args': {'query': 'current captain of the Winnipeg Jets'}, 'id': 'call_DQdQ3hPzD96Crpp2xZMq8g7p', 'type': 'tool_call'}], usage_metadata={'input_tokens': 162, 'output_tokens': 24, 'total_tokens': 186, 'input_token_details': {'audio': 0, 'cache_read': 0}, 'output_token_details': {'audio': 0, 'reasoning': 0}})]

Receiving update from node: 'action'
[ToolMessage(content='[{"url": "https://www.nhl.com/news/adam-lowry-named-winnipeg-captain", "content": "Lowry named Jets captain, replaces Wheeler\\n\\n30-year-old forward entering 10th season with Winnipeg\\n\\nAdam Lowry was named captain of the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday.\\n\\nThe 30-year-old forward was selected by the Jets in the third round (No. 67) of the 2011 NHL Draft and has played his entire nine-season NHL career with Winnipeg. [...] Lowry replaces Blake Wheeler, who was removed as captain Sept. 16, 2022, and signed with the New York Rangers after having his contract bought out this offseason. The Jets opted for three alternate captains last season; Lowry, forward Mark Scheifele and defenseman Josh Morrissey. Coach Rick Bowness said Scheifele and Morrissey will remain alternate captains."}, {"url": "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winnipeg_Jets", "content": "vteWinnipeg Jets\\nFormerly theAtlanta ThrashersFounded in1999Based inWinnipeg, Manitoba\\nFranchise | TeamGeneral managersCoachesPlayersCaptainsDraft picksexpansion draftSeasonsCurrent season\\nHistory | RecordsAward winnersBroadcasters\\nPersonnel | Owner(s)True North Sports & Entertainment(Mark Chipman, chairman)General managerKevin CheveldayoffHead coachScott ArnielTeam captainAdam LowryCurrent roster\\nArena | Canada Life Centre\\nAffiliates | AHLManitoba MooseECHLNorfolk Admirals [...] Team colours | Navy blue, aviator blue, fighter grey, red, white[1][2][3][4]\\nMedia | TSN3680 CJOBCJKR-FM (Power 97)\\nOwner(s) | True North Sports & Entertainment(Mark Chipman, executive chairman & governor)[5]\\nGeneral manager | Kevin Cheveldayoff\\nHead coach | Scott Arniel\\nCaptain | Adam Lowry\\nMinor league affiliates | Manitoba Moose(AHL)Norfolk Admirals(ECHL)\\nStanley Cups | 0\\nConference championships | 0\\nPresidents\' Trophies | 1(2024–25)\\nDivision championships | 1(2024–25) [...] the draft lottery, which they used to select Finnish prospect Patrik Laine.[48][49] Later that summer, the team appointed Blake Wheeler as their new captain."}, {"url": "https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4855976/2023/09/12/adam-lowry-jets-captain/", "content": "NHL\\n\\nJets name Adam Lowry as captain ahead of 2023-24 season: Why Winnipeg chose him\\n\\nThe Winnipeg Jets finally have a captain again. The team gave forward Adam Lowry the honor Tuesday, making him the third captain in franchise history since the Jets moved from Atlanta. Here’s what you need to know:\\n\\nWe’ll battle beside him any day 😤 pic.twitter.com/2eeP3tjtGh\\n\\n— Winnipeg Jets (@NHLJets) September 12, 2023\\n\\n\\n\\nThe Athletic’s instant analysis:\\n\\nWhy Lowry? [...] fashion? Lowry did exactly that, stitched an “A” on his sweater for the first time in 2022-23, and is now captain of the Winnipeg Jets. — Ates [...] What of his alternates?\\n\\nMorrissey would have been a worthy choice as captain and is more of an impact player at his position than Lowry is. Morrissey did the lion’s share of media availabilities last season, and his ability to represent the team as an ambassador is similarly unimpeachable. Scheifele is also an impact player, but his contract is scheduled to end in 2024 and his long term future is uncertain. Both players will maintain their alternate status. — Ates\\n\\nWhat Lowry said"}, {"url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB64AmJpIxA", "content": "Following a second straight day of practice we heard from Jets captain Adam Lowry as his team prepares for a big tilt with the Stars on"}, {"url": "https://www.nhl.com/jets/news/adam-lowry-named-jets-captain", "content": "â\x80\x9cHeâ\x80\x99s a true professional, he has total respect from every player on the team, every player around the league and certainly from the coaching staff as well. We just feel at this point itâ\x80\x99s the right time to name Adam as our captain.â\x80\x9d [...] Adam Lowry named Jets captain\\n\\nLowry enters 10th season with Winnipeg; Scheifele and Morrissey remain alternates\\n\\nThere are not many honours in team sports bigger than being named captain.\\n\\nThat honour was given to Winnipeg Jet forward Adam Lowry officially Tuesday morning as he becomes the third captain in franchise history since the team moved here from Atlanta. He follows Andrew Ladd and Blake Wheeler who served as captain for five and six years respectively. [...] The 30-year-old wore an â\x80\x9cAâ\x80\x9d for the first time in 2022-23 along with Josh Morrissey and Mark Scheifele who will both serve as alternates for the team this year. The Jets didnâ\x80\x99t have a captain last season as head coach Rick Bowness and his staff wanted more voices in the dressing room.\\n\\nâ\x80\x9cIt went well last year. Mark, Adam and Josh did a great job in the room which is what we wanted. We all know Adam is the first guy on the ice to stick up for his teammates,â\x80\x9d said Bowness."}]', name='tavily_search_results_json', id='a514a061-57a8-4af7-a498-4fa25264b547', tool_call_id='call_DQdQ3hPzD96Crpp2xZMq8g7p', artifact={'query': 'current captain of the Winnipeg Jets', 'follow_up_questions': None, 'answer': None, 'images': [], 'results': [{'url': 'https://www.nhl.com/news/adam-lowry-named-winnipeg-captain', 'title': 'Lowry named Jets captain, replaces Wheeler | NHL.com', 'content': 'Lowry named Jets captain, replaces Wheeler\n\n30-year-old forward entering 10th season with Winnipeg\n\nAdam Lowry was named captain of the Winnipeg Jets on Tuesday.\n\nThe 30-year-old forward was selected by the Jets in the third round (No. 67) of the 2011 NHL Draft and has played his entire nine-season NHL career with Winnipeg. [...] Lowry replaces Blake Wheeler, who was removed as captain Sept. 16, 2022, and signed with the New York Rangers after having his contract bought out this offseason. The Jets opted for three alternate captains last season; Lowry, forward Mark Scheifele and defenseman Josh Morrissey. Coach Rick Bowness said Scheifele and Morrissey will remain alternate captains.', 'score': 0.8729662, 'raw_content': None}, {'url': 'https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winnipeg_Jets', 'title': 'Winnipeg Jets - Wikipedia', 'content': "vteWinnipeg Jets\nFormerly theAtlanta ThrashersFounded in1999Based inWinnipeg, Manitoba\nFranchise | TeamGeneral managersCoachesPlayersCaptainsDraft picksexpansion draftSeasonsCurrent season\nHistory | RecordsAward winnersBroadcasters\nPersonnel | Owner(s)True North Sports & Entertainment(Mark Chipman, chairman)General managerKevin CheveldayoffHead coachScott ArnielTeam captainAdam LowryCurrent roster\nArena | Canada Life Centre\nAffiliates | AHLManitoba MooseECHLNorfolk Admirals [...] Team colours | Navy blue, aviator blue, fighter grey, red, white[1][2][3][4]\nMedia | TSN3680 CJOBCJKR-FM (Power 97)\nOwner(s) | True North Sports & Entertainment(Mark Chipman, executive chairman & governor)[5]\nGeneral manager | Kevin Cheveldayoff\nHead coach | Scott Arniel\nCaptain | Adam Lowry\nMinor league affiliates | Manitoba Moose(AHL)Norfolk Admirals(ECHL)\nStanley Cups | 0\nConference championships | 0\nPresidents' Trophies | 1(2024–25)\nDivision championships | 1(2024–25) [...] the draft lottery, which they used to select Finnish prospect Patrik Laine.[48][49] Later that summer, the team appointed Blake Wheeler as their new captain.", 'score': 0.86954874, 'raw_content': None}, {'url': 'https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4855976/2023/09/12/adam-lowry-jets-captain/', 'title': 'Jets name Adam Lowry as captain ahead of 2023-24 season', 'content': 'NHL\n\nJets name Adam Lowry as captain ahead of 2023-24 season: Why Winnipeg chose him\n\nThe Winnipeg Jets finally have a captain again. The team gave forward Adam Lowry the honor Tuesday, making him the third captain in franchise history since the Jets moved from Atlanta. Here’s what you need to know:\n\nWe’ll battle beside him any day 😤 pic.twitter.com/2eeP3tjtGh\n\n— Winnipeg Jets (@NHLJets) September 12, 2023\n\n\n\nThe Athletic’s instant analysis:\n\nWhy Lowry? [...] fashion? Lowry did exactly that, stitched an “A” on his sweater for the first time in 2022-23, and is now captain of the Winnipeg Jets. — Ates [...] What of his alternates?\n\nMorrissey would have been a worthy choice as captain and is more of an impact player at his position than Lowry is. Morrissey did the lion’s share of media availabilities last season, and his ability to represent the team as an ambassador is similarly unimpeachable. Scheifele is also an impact player, but his contract is scheduled to end in 2024 and his long term future is uncertain. Both players will maintain their alternate status. — Ates\n\nWhat Lowry said', 'score': 0.82728493, 'raw_content': None}, {'url': 'https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FB64AmJpIxA', 'title': 'Winnipeg Jets Practice Report: Captain Adam Lowry - YouTube', 'content': 'Following a second straight day of practice we heard from Jets captain Adam Lowry as his team prepares for a big tilt with the Stars on', 'score': 0.82728493, 'raw_content': None}, {'url': 'https://www.nhl.com/jets/news/adam-lowry-named-jets-captain', 'title': 'Adam Lowry named Jets captain | Winnipeg Jets - NHL.com', 'content': 'â\x80\x9cHeâ\x80\x99s a true professional, he has total respect from every player on the team, every player around the league and certainly from the coaching staff as well. We just feel at this point itâ\x80\x99s the right time to name Adam as our captain.â\x80\x9d [...] Adam Lowry named Jets captain\n\nLowry enters 10th season with Winnipeg; Scheifele and Morrissey remain alternates\n\nThere are not many honours in team sports bigger than being named captain.\n\nThat honour was given to Winnipeg Jet forward Adam Lowry officially Tuesday morning as he becomes the third captain in franchise history since the team moved here from Atlanta. He follows Andrew Ladd and Blake Wheeler who served as captain for five and six years respectively. [...] The 30-year-old wore an â\x80\x9cAâ\x80\x9d for the first time in 2022-23 along with Josh Morrissey and Mark Scheifele who will both serve as alternates for the team this year. The Jets didnâ\x80\x99t have a captain last season as head coach Rick Bowness and his staff wanted more voices in the dressing room.\n\nâ\x80\x9cIt went well last year. Mark, Adam and Josh did a great job in the room which is what we wanted. We all know Adam is the first guy on the ice to stick up for his teammates,â\x80\x9d said Bowness.', 'score': 0.8266142, 'raw_content': None}], 'response_time': 2.28})]

Receiving update from node: 'agent'
[AIMessage(content='The current captain of the Winnipeg Jets is Adam Lowry. He was named captain ahead of the 2023-24 NHL season, replacing Blake Wheeler.', additional_kwargs={'refusal': None}, response_metadata={'token_usage': {'completion_tokens': 33, 'prompt_tokens': 1401, 'total_tokens': 1434, 'completion_tokens_details': {'accepted_prediction_tokens': 0, 'audio_tokens': 0, 'reasoning_tokens': 0, 'rejected_prediction_tokens': 0}, 'prompt_tokens_details': {'audio_tokens': 0, 'cached_tokens': 1280}}, 'model_name': 'gpt-4.1-2025-04-14', 'system_fingerprint': 'fp_b38e740b47', 'finish_reason': 'stop', 'logprobs': None}, id='run-3c00707b-a03e-4c8b-93a9-a3d2b98f5cc2-0', usage_metadata={'input_tokens': 1401, 'output_tokens': 33, 'total_tokens': 1434, 'input_token_details': {'audio': 0, 'cache_read': 1280}, 'output_token_details': {'audio': 0, 'reasoning': 0}})]
